**Title:** FSR-Treffen
**type:** protocol
**Date:** 2020.08.19
**Location:** Discord
**Anwesend:** ma, lm, mv, ab, sb, ms, lb
**Abwesend:** af, db, nm, hd
**Time:** 20:00
**Author:** up
**Tagesordnung:** Meeting

# Agenda

## Feedback / Summary Online BA/MA Meetings
- ask Thater about a meeting with a short list of topics (below)

### Q&A session once a month (up) 
- announce in the News channel
- on the first Wednesday of the month will be the Stammtisch/Get together with the the Q&A meeting (~20-30 minutes) at the beginning


### preliminary registration of Courses in the lsf? (mv)
- ask Thater and propose it as an idea to the lecturers
- ask if it is possible to make the registration to the lectures much earlier, such that the organizers and the participants know beforehand if offline is possible

### re-exams confusions (mv)
- when do re-exams from winter 19/20 take place?
- when will the registration be? 

### prefer online exams instead of offline ones?
- projects instead of exams
- will be talked in the town hall meeting

### Thesis(Bachelor/Master)!!!!!! (mv)
- give Thater a reminder for the Thesis info meeting


## Spieleabend / Games Night (ma)
 - email to the students
    - just tell that it will be on the Discord Server
    - the time and date
- also announce in the News channel
- idea 27./28.

## Stammtisch / Get together (up)
- announce in News channel
- first .... of the month
- online if necessary, offline if possible
- vote with reactions if we could meet up at the zing 
- ask max amount of people at the zing (up)

## New FSR Meeting times
- Doodle (lb)

## Mail-Plan
Anastasia, Marc (29.07 - 05.08) 
Marc, Ludmilla (05.08 - 12.08)
Ludmilla, Michael (12.08. - 19.08.)
Michael, Urs (19.08. - 26.08.)
Urs, Hannes (26.08. - 02.09.)
Hannes, Lilas ()
Lilas, Susi ()
Susi, Marlow ()
Marlow, Nathan ()
Nathan, Anastasia ()

