**Title:** FSR-Treffen
**type:** protocol
**Date:** 2020.12.14
**Location:** Teams
**Anwesend:**  hd, lb, ma, ab, sb, ps, ls, as, bp, nm, up
**Abwesend:** db, mv
**Time:** 19:02
**Author:** up
**Tagesordnung:** Meeting
# FSR Meeting

## Meeting with Thater from the 14-12-2020
- We complained about Moodle
- We asked about the new Study regulations when they will be implemented for exam registrations
    - hopefully implemented in January
- The registration regarding student organizations doesn't concern us
- The exams might take place in March/April, depending on the Corona situation
- But Computer science organized "Programming 1" exam
- Uni-moodle was down many times throughout the week
- Exam registration still not possible. In january we will know more (currently there is no solution.)
    - Possibly regsitration via email or contacting the lecturer 
    - Master programs are more affected by this than the bachelor
- next meeting with Thater: *11th Jan 2020*
- Further schedule: 
    - *25th Jan 2020*
    - *1st Feb 2020*
- Tell Thater to inform students about possible changes concerning the exams, if any. This would be very nice from the students perspective to show some insight into the lecturers thought processes about that.


## Misc
- Gathertown Feedback:
    - Good: gives some sort of being in the same place feeling, better than zoom or teams. Enables more interaction between the participants.
    - Bad:a bit unintuitive, students felt a little bit intimidated, chrome dependent, works bad with Firefox (bad if that is not know to students).
- LST Christmas Party on Friday 18.12.2020
    - Who will be attending:bp, ab, up, ps, ls, hd
    - Speech/Short Talk by: up, ?
- Date for Next Meeting: 4.1.
- Mail-Plan will continue, after 


## Mail-Plan
**Marc, Anastasia (14.12. - 21.12.)** 
Anastasia, Luuk (21.12. - 28.12.)
Luuk, Ludmilla (28.12 - 4.1)
Ludmilla, Michael (4.1. - 11.1.)
Michael, Pauline ()
Pauline, Urs (27.10. - 3.11.)
Urs, Hannes (3.11. - 10.11.)
Hannes, Anna (10.11. - 17.11.)
Anna, Susi (10.11. - 17.11.)
Susi, Ben (24.11. - 01.12.)
Ben, Nathan (30.11. - 07.12.)
Nathan, Marc (07.12. - 14.12.)