**Title:** FSR-Treffen
**type:** protocol
**Date:** 2021.02.01
**Location:** Discord
**Anwesend:** lb, ma, ab, bp, nm, sb, up, ps, ls, as, mv
**Abwesend:** hd
**Time:** 19:01
**Author:** up
**Tagesordnung:** Meeting
# FSR Meeting
## Meeting with Thater
- report by bp:
    - notes in the group
    - exams: he is surprised by the amount of alternatives; he didn't specify the ones who changed
        - he wrote an email about the exam procedure 
    - positive remark about info exchange with FSR Informatik
    - SS20: Grades were roughly the same as typically, but the overall performance was worse
    - SS21: Freischuss + no credit points requirements 
        - lecturers want to make it as comfortable as possible
    - he liked the newsletter, suggest to publish on the Department website
        - problematic, exam regulations but everything else is fine
    - lecturers don't talk to each other
    - next meeting Thursday 11.2. 15:00
- Email:
    - notify the lecturers to inform their students about their exam procedure, because there is no general place get these informations (bp)
    

## Professorium agenda addendum
- The lecturers could meet up and talk to each other about current experiences with teaching
    - What to improve with the experience we collected
- FSR wants to discuss some issues as agenda point
    - send email with this point (up)
## Newsletter
- Bp published the draft in Telegram
    - published tomorrow
- Where to publish
    - publish Department website (up)
- Where to Email **everybody**/students? (bp)

## Emails
- Workshop HOPO will be in March
- FSK 04.02.2021 18:00
- Meeting of the Fachschaften P on 4.February at 16:30-18:00
    - reminder by (ma)
- Meeting Diana?
    - no answer yet from her

## Professor Job Commitee
- doodle sent by ls and also informations about the general structure
- 30 minutes open Q&A
- candidates have to be invited
    - Discord would be a good possibility 
- students have to be informed via email about this(ls)
## Gamesnight after Exams
- dates: 
    - 18.2. the first
    - early March another
- up asks about jackbox in the alumni

## Misc
- FSR Photo
    - last supper facepaste
    - send bp a photo of your faces
- up upload protocolls!!!!!!

## Mail-Plan
Marc, Anastasia (14.12. - 21.12.)
Anastasia, Luuk (21.12. - 28.12.)
Luuk, Ludmilla (28.12 - 4.1.)
Ludmilla, Michael (4.1. - 11.1.)
Michael, Pauline (11.1. - 18.1.)
Pauline, Urs (18.1 - 25.1.)
Urs, Hannes (25.1. - 1.2.)
**Hannes, Anna (1.2. - 8.2.)**
Anna, Susi (10.11. - 17.11.)
Susi, Ben (24.11. - 01.12.)
Ben, Nathan (30.11. - 07.12.)
Nathan, David () 
David, Marc (07.12. - 14.12.)