**Title:** FSR-Treffen
**type:** protocol
**Date:** 2021.01.18
**Location:** Teams
**Anwesend:**  hd, lb, ma, ab, as, bp, nm, sb, up, db
**Abwesend:** ls, mv
**Time:** 19:02
**Author:** up
**Tagesordnung:** Meeting
# FSR Meeting

## FSK
- db and sb participated and reported:
    1. website for every FSR; done by Computer science if you want to help fachschaften@asta.uni-saarland.de
    2. Workshop HoPo 30.1. interesting for new members of FSR, people can participate in 3 seperate blocks
    3. Independent candidancy for StuPa possible, e.g. our student could run
    4. FS Euro not this year, because there is a possibility for financial aide by the Saarland government (25ct per semester)
    5. New AStA 
    6. Next FSR elections will be in the WS

## Meeting with Thater
- report by bp:
    - Every exam in c74 and in the old library
        - Students should wear jackets
    - All the lecturers were asked to make alternatives but, not many will probably do so. 
    - The uni doesn't really regulate how the exam should be done. Pr채sidium does nothing
    - If one recognizes symptoms on exam day, then they should skip the date and go to the re-sit or maybe on a third date
    - LS de-central program, with bad communication with students
    - The next semester will start online hybrid lecture rooms available later by the uni.
        - Critic: Disadvantages or Advantages through only online
        - Hybrid rooms for online watching
    - Talk with AStA about exam regulations due to Corona?
    - Talk with Gesch채ftsf체hrung about exam regulations
    - exam registration date next week 
    - Lecturers will have to organize rooms for the exams

## Escalation of Exam stuff
- Email to AStA regarding exams (ab)
- Mainz university AStA made the news regarding the issues in their university. (Path of Escalation: AStA, Pr채sidium, Ministry, News) 

## Monthly? Roundmail
- Collect the four notes on the Thater meeting (in groups or alone workshop style)

## General mails
- Mail to Thater, bc the conflicting exam registration for the first exam regulations (bp)
- Ask Fr. Steffen regarding meeting with FSR (up) cockroach stuff!!

## Misc
- 

## Mail-Plan
Marc, Anastasia (14.12. - 21.12.)
Anastasia, Luuk (21.12. - 28.12.)
Luuk, Ludmilla (28.12 - 4.1.)
Ludmilla, Michael (4.1. - 11.1.)
Michael, Pauline (11.1. - 18.1.)
**Pauline, Urs (18.1 - 25.1.)**
Urs, Hannes (3.11. - 10.11.)
Hannes, Anna (10.11. - 17.11.)
Anna, Susi (10.11. - 17.11.)
Susi, Ben (24.11. - 01.12.)
Ben, Nathan (30.11. - 07.12.)
Nathan, David () 
David, Marc (07.12. - 14.12.)